README.md, before:

nimbleNoBounds
===============

A collection of continuous uni-variate probability distributions transformed to the (unbounded) real line.
Using these transformed distributions can (theoretically) result in more efficient MCMC.


Installation
------------
<!-- The package can be installed from CRAN. In the R console, just write -->
<!-- ``` -->
<!-- install.packages("nimbleAPT") -->
<!-- ``` -->

<!-- The package can be installed from github using the R package 'remotes' as follows. -->
<!-- ``` -->
<!-- remotes::install_git(url="https://github.com/DRJP/nimbleAPT.git", subdir="nimbleAPT", build_vignettes = TRUE) -->
<!-- ``` -->
<!-- Switching to 'build_vignettes = FALSE' makes for a faster installation, and thus may be a prefered option for users already familiar with the package. -->


Citation
--------
<!-- If you use this package in you analyses, please cite it using the following DOI. -->
<!-- [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/106051349.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/106051349) -->

<!-- The full citation is available in BibTex format via the following R command. -->
<!-- ``` -->
<!-- citation("nimbleAPT") -->
<!-- ``` -->

Commit message:

Added citation and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

nimbleNoBounds
===============

A collection of continuous uni-variate probability distributions transformed to the (unbounded) real line.
Using these transformed distributions can (theoretically) result in more efficient MCMC.


Installation
------------
<!-- The package can be installed from CRAN. In the R console, just write -->
<!-- ``` -->
<!-- install.packages("nimbleNoBounds") -->
<!-- ``` -->

The package can be installed from github using the R package 'remotes' as follows.
```
remotes::install_git(url="https://github.com/DRJP/nimbleNoBounds.git", subdir="nimbleNoBounds", build_vignettes = TRUE)
```
Switching to 'build_vignettes = FALSE' makes for a faster installation, and thus may be a prefered option for users already familiar with the package.


Citation
--------
If you use this package in you analyses, please cite it using the following DOI.
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/6399163.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/6399163)

The full citation is available in BibTex format via the following R command.
```
<!-- citation("nimbleNoBounds") -->
<!-- ``` -->
